So Won didn't go home last night,
He's never done this before,
Why didn't he go home?
Oh, my,
I came to the wrong house,
I'm sorry,
Father, come in,
Is this your house?
Who is this child?
This child is your granddaughter,
What?
Baby, don't cry,
It breaks my heart when you cry,
Wait, Your mother-in-law says
she will find out,
I'm certain he's having an affair,
That's why he was being
so good to me,
They say your husband is having an
affair when he's good for no reason,
Be quiet,
Be careful what you ask for,
I'm serious,
He sometimes turns his phone off
and completely disappears,
He must have been in surgery,
I have proof that he's having
an affair,
Here,
What is this?
They're both tickets for violating
traffic signals,
What about them?
Look at the address,
They're both in Jeongleung,
Why would he speed at night when
he has no relation there,
You're right,
He has absolutely,,,
no ties with this neighborhood,
I'm sure that he's keeping a second
home with another woman,
That's why he had 2 speeding
tickets in 1 year,
He must have speeded in order to see
that woman as fast as he can,
You're making sense,
Doctor Lee, your life
is in my hands today,
(Episode 10)
Tell me, What is this nonsense?
Han Gyul, go into the room,
Jung Su Mi,
Do you remember her?
What about her?
She's Han Gyul's mother,
What?
So? Did she appear with her?
Does she insist
that she's your child?
- That's not the case,
- I knew that,
I had a bad feeling
from the moment I met her,
She looked coy, and I knew
she was extraordinary,
You're so naive, she would've
tricked 10 of you,
- Father,
- You shouldn't be tricked,
It's all a fraud, Just stay
out of it,
I'll meet her again,,,
- and make her stay away from you,
- Please listen to me,
- It's not a fraud,
- How do you know that?
She's in jail,
How could she fraud me?
She's in Cheongju Penitentiary,
Goodness,
He went to find So Won,
Why have I heard from him yet?
Why did he get a room
without letting Yeon Ju know?
Goodness,
Who is it?
Why are you here?
Where is So Won?
He won't answer my calls,
Really?
Father went to meet him,
Let's wait for a while,
What?
Did you two already know about it?
That he has a second home
with another woman?
A second home?
If you put it that way, I suppose
there's nothing I can say otherwise,
You're so shameless,
I have a hot temper, so I don't know
what I'll do,
Tell us where he is right now,
He's in Jeongleung, right?
Did you know about that?
Hey,
Give me the address right now,
I can find it out easily,
Tell me the address right now,
Please be generous and forgive him,
He didn't have any bad intentions,
He goes there sometimes
to refresh himself,
Why would he have to
refresh himself?
- He's married, he can't do that,
- That's enough,
I don't know what I'll do,
Lead us right now,
Someone might die today,
Tell me the truth now,
Su Mi told me that we broke up
because of you, Is that true?
Did you meet her while I was
in the military?
Yes, I met her,
I didn't like
her from the beginning,
Did you put on a show?
You pretended to accept
our engagement,,,
only to separate us behind my back!
Did she say that?
Did she say that you broke up
all because of me?
I'm about to go crazy,
Please tell me the truth now,
She knew from the start,,,
that I disapproved of your marriage,
What do you mean?
After you went to the military,
she visited me at my office,
Is there something
you want to tell me?
It's all okay, Please tell me
what's going on,
I knew it's rude of me to come
here, but I had no choice,
This is too important of a matter
for me to handle on my own,
But I couldn't tell this to So Won
as he's in the army now,
You know how men can
cause a problem sometimes,
What is this regarding?
Well,,,
It's all right, Tell me,
Please me upfront with me then,
Are you going to give your
blessing for our marriage?
I believe I already answered
that question,
I told you we'll think about,,,
your marriage after he gets
discharged and gets a stable job,
I don't need excuses,
I'd like to know
your real intention,
If I were to tell you the best
thing I did in my life is,
it'd be that I brought So Won
into this world and raised him,
He's my precious son
and means the world to me,
I can't let him marry just anyone,
I assume that you meant me
when you said, "anyone",
What is it that you want?
I supported myself financially
since I was young,
I'm mature for my age,
So Won is a good son,
I know too well that
you'll have your way,,,
even if I beg So Won to marry me,
So?
I want to break up with him,
But there's a problem,
What is it?
I need money,
A lot of money,
Look,
Who do you think,,,
I'm more than qualified
to ask you for that,
You're ridiculous,
I cannot do that,
Haven't you figured it out?
Don't you know
why I ordered juice,,,
instead of coffee?
So,,,
you're saying that
Su Mi was pregnant,,,
with Han Gyul at the time?
There's no way,
She told me herself that
she wouldn't give birth to her,
I gave her everything she asked for,
Everything she asked for?
Did you give her money?
Yes,
She said that she needed money
for her mom's liver transplant,
I gave her a handsome
amount of money,
So it's impossible
that she's your kid,
I bet that kid is someone else's,
and she's putting on an act,
She would never do that,
She's nice,,,
Then why would she be in prison?
And whose fault is that?
If you haven't separated us,
Su Mi's life wouldn't have
been destroyed like that,
You should've told me that you
didn't like her in the first place,
It was for your sake,
I didn't want you to get hurt,
I didn't want you to hate me,
Father!
Hey, So Won,
You only studied your entire life,
so you're not street-smart,
I'll take care of everything,
so just stay out of this,
Don't put your foot in the gutter,
Focus on your family,
Right now, your wife and
mother-in-law are in an uproar,
Come on, Go home, Go now,
- Yoo Ra, come, Hurry,
- I'm hurrying,
- Is this the class?
- Oh, my,
What should I do?
It's all done, Do you like it?
Amazing, It looks like I have
stars on my nails,
- You're amazing,
- These are so cute,
Hey, hey, Seo Eun Joo,
It's my turn, Move,
What are you talking about?
What? You got all
of your nails done,
Do you only have fingernails?
- Please do my toenails too,
- Oh, my, That's not right,
Sure,
You know that toenails
cost twice as much,
Don't worry,
Eun Byul, make yourself useful
and take photos for me,
Okay,
- Hey, let me take one too,
- I want to take a photo too,
You'd better move away from him,
You all look ridiculous,
No, I'm a big fan of your brother,
- So am I!
- Me too!
- Come on, Take one already,
- Hurry and take a photo,
In 1, 2, 3,
Hey guys, pay me four dollars,
Hey, you told me
it was three dollars,
You have to pay an extra dollar
to even be in my brother's fan meet,
- Seriously? No way
- Goodness, Unbelievable,
- You're so cheap,
- What is this?
Just give up,
If you try to stay,
you'll experience the abyss,
Or is it the abyss already?
Fine, Let's see who's standing
at the end of this fight,
It was so hard for me to get a job,
Even if I'm already in an abyss,
I'll slug it out,
Can you go outside?
No, I cannot,
I have to finish cleaning this
and do the dishes,
Think of me as a cleaning lady,
Please go inside,
and take care of your business,
It sounds like you're mad at me,
Did I upset you?
No, forget it,
How can someone
who works in a warm hall,,,
understand the disappointment
of someone who works in the back?
I'm all right,
Hey, intern!
Intern,
Aren't you going to throw out
the trash in the kitchen?
Oh, the trash,
I'll throw it out now,
Do I have to look for you?
I'm so busy right now,
Hey, take Clorox bleach, Goodness,
That little,,,
Hang in there, Ru Ri,
Every cloud has a silver lining,
Goodness, come, trash, Come,
This is so tiring,
Hold on,
What are you doing?
The chef told me
to take out the trash,
Can't you throw
out the trash properly?
Is there anything
you can actually do?
Don't you know that the fine
for mixing garbage and food waste,,,
will be more than your
three months' salaries?
Before I kick you out,
recycle the trash,
Right now?
Without gloves?
Yes, do it right now,
I see wrinkles around her eyes,
but this is Anna, I'm sure of it,
Anna Kang,
Sir, this is what you asked for,
This is the owner
of the Vehicle 9378,
(Go Jung Do, 127 Myeonmok-ro,
Jungnang-gu, Seoul)
Should I dig deeper about him?
No, Time is pressing,
I must meet her in person,
Yes, sir,
This is the right address, sir,
I see,
Let me ask around,,,
to see if the lady, Anna,
lives in that house,
No, There's no need,
Don't say such a thing, honey,
Let's just go,
I believe she's the lady you saw
in the basement parking lot,
I take that the man next
to him is Go Jung Do?
Follow them,
This crab pasta is a piece of art,
- Isn't it?
- What's your secret?
Do you know the taste of crab?
Do you think you'll be able to
imitate if I teach you?
You and I are on a different level,
I think this shrimp pilaf is better,
Are you choking?
What's wrong? Drink some water,
Eat slowly,
I'm done separating the garbage,
Okay,
Although I'm not sure
if you did a good job,
You should be hungry, Eat,
I made the shrimp pilaf
that you like,
Eat four full servings,
Thank you, Manager, no Chef,
People are happiest when they eat,
What is this? They didn't leave
any left,
I should just eat instant noodles,
I'm hungry, but I'll just eat
two today,
Oh, my, What are you doing?
Do you have to give off cheap
smells at an Italian restaurant?
Get rid of it,
- They ate all of the food,
- You can eat it outside,
Okay, I'll do that,
I'll eat outside,
Okay,
Why are you so slow?
Get out right now,
It's so hot,
You need cold water,
It's so cold,
Ru Ri,
Are you okay?
Stop exaggerating and clean this up,
It's obvious that
you didn't get hurt,
You're causing so much harm,
0 points for dishwashing and
0 points for separating trash,
You even have a problem with safety,
You're shameless to want to earn
money like this,
Why? Do you have any complaints?
Then quit,
No one is going to stop you,
Isn't that true?
Go change your clothes,
We need to start preparing
for dinner,
Hurry,
It's just that I'm moved,
Everyone treated me as a loser,
I'm so happy that I finally have
a position in this society,
You're causing so much harm,
Then quit,
No one is going to stop you,
There's no time to cry,
Wash up, and come back,
I'm not going back,
I'm going to disappoint
people, give up,
and live like a loser,
I think that suits me better,
I really resent you,
What do you mean?
Why did you give me
unnecessary hope?
You can do it, You have talent,
You have an absolute taste,
I now know
that everything was a lie,
Do you really think so?
Yes, You just needed an assistant
to participate in the contest,
That's why you flattered me,
I believed that,,,
and you don't know
how hopeful I was,
You must have had fun watching me,
a talentless loser,
trying hard to climb upwards without
knowing her position,
Was it fun watching me not know,,,
that people were making fun of me
and trying my best?
I can't do this anymore,
I'm so hurt and miserable, I'll just
go back to my old life,
I'll go back to being a loser who
doesn't know how to do anything,,,
and fails miserably at everything,
Is that as far as you can go?
Will you quit your dream of being
a chef before you hold a knife,,,
because you're defeated by chores?
Yes,
Even though I'm angry,
it's true that I don't know how
to do anything but cause harm,
Just as Manager Joo said,
You're only a beginner,
What do you expect?
You'll give up easily the things
you acquired easily,
Things that take effort will remain
for a long time,
I pretended not to know
because of that,
But you want to give up now?
You want to go back to your life?
Okay, If you thought the world was
easy like that,
go back and marry an appropriate
person your father chooses,,,
and live an ordinary life,
I'll remember you as a loser instead
of Lee Ru Ri,
What should I do?
What do you want me to do?
Han Gyul, let's go,
Where?
My house,
Let's go,
Take a left turn there,
It really was Jeongleung,
I didn't believe it, but it's real,
How could he trick me like this?
Be quiet,
You'll only embarrass yourself
if you keep talking about it,
Please excuse me,
So Won we're going to your place
with your mother-in-law,
Oh, my, We're trying to catch
him at the scene,
Are you interrupting us?
That's not the case,
What's not the case? It really is,
- Stop lying,
- Excuse me,
I'll take this for now,
I'm going to destroy So Won,
Mr, Kim, drive faster,
Yes,
Wear this and go to work first,
Father, I'm too shocked,
I can't do surgery in this state,
Even my hands are shaking,
There's no need to be nervous,
Don't you know me?
I'll meet her
and put everything in order,
Take your mind off this
and focus on your work,
What about Han Gyul?
What about her?
She's not your child,
We're going to take her to her mom,
What if she is my child?
I'm telling you, There is no way,
I can assure you 100 percent,
You don't have to worry,
Even if this was from your past,
your mother-in-law will kill you
if she finds out about this,
Oh, my, It's horrible to just think
about it,
- Are you expecting someone?
- No,
Open the door,
I know you are in there,
I am angry, Open the door,
- It's my mother-in-law,
- Speak of the devil,
Wait, what should we do?
How did she find out about
this place?
Wait, why are you going out
like that?
What do you think?
I will have to reveal everything,
Are you out of your mind?
Just wait,
Wait, Stay there,
Hey, you, Come here,
Come here quickly,
Goodness,
You are so much like your mother,
Why don't you listen to me?
Come here, Come here,
Hey, is there a back gate
out of here?
- Let me go,
- Of course not,
- Gosh,
You're too noisy, Be quiet,
- Are there any windows?
- We're on the 15th floor,
Let me go, Let me go,
What,,, How,,,
Hey,
Do you really need to
make a fuss right now?
- Be quiet,
- No, no,
We need to give up, It's over,
- Let me go,
- Wait, wait,
There is a way out
of every situation,
How can we do that?
Please help me, Please help me,
Gosh, be quiet,
- Let me go,
- Please help me,
- Just once,
Dr, Lee,
I'm crazy,
Honey, open the door,
Why won't you open the door?
I'm crazy too!
- Yeon Ju,
- Open the door,
Let's just wait for a while,
He could be taking a shower,
Why would he take a shower?
What do you think?
It's probably what I think it is,
He's probably going to take a shower
so that he can get ready,
I can't put up with this any longer,
I saw a store that sells locks
downstairs,
Bring someone from the store,
I need to break this door,
All right,
Hello,
Are you visiting this house?
Yes, I had an appointment
with So Won,
Mom,
What kind of an appointment?
Twice a week, I help So Won
warm up a little,
Mother, she just said she helps him
warm up,
What do you mean by that?
Do you really not get
what that means?
That's obvious,
How long have come here
to warm him up?
It's been three years now,
- Three years?
Yeon Ju, call the ambulance,
I'm going to do something bad
and just go to prison,
Hey!
Oh, my gosh,
- How dare you?
- Darn it,
How dare you ruin a family?
How dare you ruin a decent family?
That's right,
You deserve this, You do,
How dare you?
- You ruined my family,
- Yeon Ju,
- How dare you?
- You ruined my family,
Oh, my, Mrs, Yang?
- Die, Just die,
- Mrs, Yang, Mrs, Yang,
- Just die, Who is it?
- Oh, my,
Gosh, Mrs, Yang,
Mrs, Yang, what is,,,
Ms, Oh,
Ms, Oh?
She's my yoga teacher,
She comes twice a week
to teach me yoga,
What happened?
Gosh, Ms, Oh,
I had said, "Hello",
"Why are you here?"
You should have told me
that you are his yoga teacher,
If you had proven that to me,
it would have been okay,
Why did you just stay still
when we hit you?
And, Ms, Oh,
I can't survive in a prison,
I'll pay you,
All right,
Gosh, it's such a relief
that it ended like this,
You should scold So Won,,,
and tell him to sell this house,
Do you realize it now?
Your precious So Won,,,
can cause trouble too,
So,,,
you should treat Ru Ri nicely
as well,
She got employed
with such difficulty,
You should encourage her
to work hard too,
Are you listening to me?
All right, I will do that,
Shin Mo, do you mean it?
What? What did you say?
What is wrong with you?
Why are you staring into the room?
I'm not,
What's going on?
Is something in the room?
No, no, There's nothing there,
There's nothing,
You should go back home,
This is strange,
Why are you suddenly so intent
on sending me out?
Why do you think
I'm trying to make you leave?
You must have been surprised
since this morning,
You should go home first
and take a rest,
Go home,
Go,
How about you?
If I go too, you won't get any rest
because you need to cook for me,
You should go, Don't worry,
All right,
I'll go first, Come back later,
All right, No, it's not this way,
Why are you coming this way?
What are you looking at?
- Shin Mo,
- It's that way, Let's go,
Don't worry, Go home,
- Shin Mo,
- Yes?
Why is there baby shoes?
What are those?
It's mine,
I,, I mean,,,
I bought this as a present
for So Won's wife,
But now that she isn't carrying
a baby, I'll give them to her later,
Go home, Go home, Go,
Go home and rest, You look tired,
Go home and rest,
Hey, why did you come outside?
I told you to stay in the room,
Why did you come outside?
I'm hungry,
Gosh, you're driving me crazy,
I can't believe this,
He's concerned about me,
I bought this as a present
for So Won's wife,
It looked used,
That's weird,
Dr, Lee, this is not a normal
Soy Sauce Marinated Crab,
It's made out of a King Crab,
You should have this with rice,
You'd have starved since morning,
You must be hungry,
Thank you,
Here,
I'm so sorry, honey,
You're not angry, right?
Why should I be? It's all my fault,
I fell asleep
while reading a thesis,
I caused such a big fuss,
I'm so sorry, Mother-in-law,
No, no, It was all my mistake,
I'm so sorry, I'm sorry,
It must have been so hard
to live here with me,
That's why you got a second house,
Dr, Lee,
I'll try to do my best,
So please don't keep any secrets,,,
that might surprise us like that,
I'm asking you nicely, Please,
I won't forgive you next time,
honey,
Okay?
- Eat up,
- Yes, ma'am,
Okay, If you thought the world was
easy like that,
go back and marry an appropriate
person your father chooses,,,
and live an ordinary life,
I'll remember you as a loser,,,
instead of Lee Ru Ri,
Yes, Mom,
Did I interrupt you at work?
No, it's fine, What is it?
Why's your voice like that?
Did you cry?
No, I didn't,
Oh, my, Maybe you're sick,
It must be hard for you
to start working so suddenly,
It is,
That's why,,,
Ru Ri, I have some good news,
Your father finally allowed you
to work at the company,
He's not very certain,
so you should work hard,,,
and prove to him
that you can do well too,
I'm so excited for you,
You must be busy,
You should go back to work,
Cheer up, my daughter!
I'm sorry for causing trouble,
Chefs,
I'll work even harder,
so make me work even more,
I beg you, I'm sorry,
You're so shameless,
- Wash the dishes,
- Yes,
Hey, Intern, Garlic! Garlic!
Yes, Chef,
- Hurry up,
- Yes,
- Shrimp, please,
- Hurry up,
- Yes, Chef,
Hey, Intern, Did you wipe the floor?
I'll do that now,
- Hurry up,
- Yes,
- Wipe it clean,
- Harder,
- Yes,
- Hey, here,
- It's done now,
- Okay,
I beg you,
Please don't hurt my family,
Leave my wife and Tae Yang alone,
How naive!
No matter how much you beg,
I'll end,,,
Jung Tae Yang and your family,
Kim Jin Ho just called,
He confirmed the money,
So when's he coming?
He wants to change
where we're meeting,
To where?
What's he doing here?
What are they doing?
How was school?
They must have a daughter and a son,
- They must be students,
- Yes,
They look like an elementary student
and a high school student,
Do they have more children?
Do you want me to find out?
No, I'll find out for myself,
Follow them,
Are you practicing judo hard,
Woo Joo?
Of course!
Don't lie! Your coach called,
Why did you skip the practice? Are
you giving up going to university?
- Actually,,,
- He hurt his ankle,
- What?
Is that true?
You were fine a moment ago,
Hey, get up and walk, Now!
- Get up,
- I'm fine,
My leg, it hurts,
Why didn't you tell me?
- Gosh, Let's go to hospital,
- Okay,
No, I'm getting better,
Right, He had acupuncture treatment,
He'll be better in a few days,
She's right,
You should be careful,
Kids, Please don't make Mom worry,
Who do I love the most in the world?
- Ms, Jung Hwa Young,
You know it,
Jung Hwa Young,
She's not Anna Kang?
Hold on,
What's up? You're at work,
He's here in the restaurant,
Woo Joo's dad,
With whom?
Actually,,,
Okay, I'll look into it,
- What's wrong? Who called?
- It's nothing,
Let's go, I have to go somewhere,
I was having fun,
Let's eat out, It's been a while,
You always want to have fun,
Let's go, Hurry up,
Let's go, Let's go, Let's go,
Honey, What's wrong?
Nothing,
- Let's go,
- Okay,
Get in,
I'm full now,
Since we're in a restaurant,
let's have one more steak,
You should pay me back
if you had enough,
Tell me what you know,
You're so cheap,
Looking at the size here,
you probably made a lot of money,
I said tell me,
What do you know about
Jung Hwa Young?
Let me digest first,
Are you a swindler,,,
I'm good at gambling,
I may gamble, but I don't swindle,
(Yeon Mi Joo)
Flamenco?
You know Latin dance,
Like this,
Find a woman who does that dance,
And?
Ask her about Anna,
Then you'll find out,
Anna?
Finish the workbook
until I come back,
I'm going to check,
I'm so sick of studying,
- Go in,
- Okay,
- Ms, Jung Hwa Young,
You know it,
Sir, Is she Anna?
I'm not sure,
She has a different name,
Maybe she just look alike,
She looks just like her though,
Her height and the way she smiles,
It's still the same,
Maybe she changed her name,
I'll check,
Excuse me, I'm sorry,
but I have a question,
The man who was sitting here,,,
The man in a suit?
What about him?
I just want to check
if he's someone I know,
- Did he leave?
- Yes, He just left,
Okay,
Does he come here often?
No, It was his first time,
Thank you,
What did she just ask?
Pardon?
(50 dollars)
You talked for a while,
She asked about the man
who sat over there,
She said she wants to confirm
if he's someone she knows,
How did it go?
I think she's Anna,
She came back to the cafe,,,
and asked about you,
- Are you sure?
- Yes,
She said she might know you,
(Yeon Mi Joo)
Ask the Latin dancer about Anna,
Anna,
I see you often,
Why did you meet Kim Jin Ho?
You're fast,
I'm warning you,
No matter how hard you try,
you'll never find anything
about her,
I'll guarantee
you won't find anything,
so mind your own business, Get it?
Don't you want to know,,,
the real side of the woman
you live with?
2pm on Thursday,
Flamenco in Hongdae,
I'll show you the truth about
that woman when you come,
The truth?
I'm telling you once more time
that it's useless, You'll see,
Suit yourself,
I'll tell the world anyway,
You'll find out later,
Really? Then do as you please,
You won't find anything,
Come to Flamenco in Hongdae
at 2pm on Thursday,
I'll show you what kind of woman
you're living with,
Are you almost done? Everyone left,
Go first, I have to finish this,
That's not how you do it,
Give me the gloves,
Oh, my,
Use your wrist, Wrist,
My goodness,
Try it,
Wrist,
Use my wrist,,,
like this,
Practice until you get it,
Teach me how to peel potatoes,
If not, I have to stay up all night,
Fine, Try it again,
Like this,
Here,
Use your wrist,
Use it,
Wrist,,,
- Do you have hand tremors?
- No,
You don't know the basics,
Basics?
When was the last time
you washed your hair?
Yesterday,
No, it was the day before that,
I was so tired,
The basic requirement of
being a chef is tidiness,
I'll go first, Work hard,
You should wash your hair today,
All right, I'm sorry,
That was so embarrassing,
Why did he have to come so close?
Gosh,
How old are your parents?
They are in their mid-50s,
A lot of people today have
red ginseng to restore their energy,
Really?
They would like this,
Thanks to this, I'll be loved
this Chuseok,
I'll have this one,
(You should have this red ginseng
so that you can wash your hair,)
You should have this red ginseng
so that you can wash your hair,
And give the other one
to your mother,
I want to thank her
for giving birth to you,
Manager Jung, Manager Jung!
I was so startled that I thought
my heart was going to stop,
Do you like me that much?
Don't go,
I'll name you my favorite assistant,
Honey, can you make some time for me
this afternoon?
The obstetrician told me
to bring you with me,
Yeon Ju, I told you,
We don't need to hurry,
Why are you so negative?
The reason why you are concerned
about other things,,,
and have another house,,,
is because you don't have a baby
with Yeon Ju,
So every night, you need to try
to make a baby,
If a baby,,,
cries the house every day,
it would seem so much more alive,
Eat up,
Who are you visiting?
Victory,
I'm here to visit Room 705,
Goodbye,
Victory,
I'm here to say goodbye to
Ru Ri and her mother,
Goodbye? Are you going somewhere?
Yes, what are you wearing?
People might think
you're going to the army,
You're right, I am,
- What?
You're going to the army?
I only realized after
failing all interviews,,,
and breaking up with Oh Mok Sin,,,
that there is no man or company
in Korea that can accept my face,
That's why I decided to
devote myself to this nation,
Did the army accept you?
I will take a test,
There's a test I need to pass first,
By the way, where is Father?
He didn't come home yesterday,
Where did he go?
Well,
he slept at So Won's apartment
so that Mom could take a rest,
Gosh, thanks to Oh Mok Sin, your
father has become a changed man,
What's this?
Mom, this is a present,
Manager Jung wanted to thank you
for giving birth to me,
You should drink this first,
You need to think about your health,
Please thank him for me,
I should share this
with your father,
Mother, are you really the one who
wanted a marriage graduation?
Ru Ri's dad has been acting
very nice these days,
Her number is 601,
and her name is Jung Su Mi,
- What is it?
- I'm hungry,
We can't buy anything here,
You need to wait,
I'm hungry,
Nothing's worse than
watching someone else eat,
My goodness,
Excuse me,
but can you give some bread
for the child to eat,
Yes,
Thank you,
Let's go,
Here, Take this, and keep quiet,
- What is it now?
- I'm thirsty,
Goodness,
What did I do to deserve this
at this age?
Here,
Visitors for prisoner 601?
- Yes?
- Come here,
You should stay here, all right?
Where are you going?
Your mother,,, I mean,,,
You don't need to know that,
Just stay here,
Excuse me,
I need to go and visit someone,
Can you look after her please?
- Okay,
- Thank you,
You look handsome,
You'd be popular to girls,
I am a girl,
I'm sorry that we had to meet again,
What were you charged for?
I'm an economic criminal,
I've embezzled some money,
You've ruined your life,
Without Han Gyul,
it wouldn't have been like this,
It wasn't easy
raising a child on my own,
(Memorandum)
Do you remember this?
I, Jung Su Mi, vow that,,,
I will never ask Lee So Won,,,
to take any responsibility
for the child,
Of course,
I signed that memorandum
on the day of my mother's surgery,
I made a vow to not give birth
to his child,
Then what are you trying to do?
You made a promise,
I was planning on raising her
by myself,
I was so in love with So Won
that I wanted something of his,
Do you want me to believe that?
I don't know
why you are doing this,,,
Even if you want to deny this,
she's your granddaughter,
If you don't help raise her,
she'll go to the orphanage,
Are you going to be
all right with that?
Are you threatening me?
No, I'm begging you,
If I hadn't been locked up here,
I wouldn't have done this,
If you can't believe this,
you should ask So Won,,,
how Han Gyul ended up
in So Won's hospital,
I know you planned this
with your sister,
I will hand her over to the police,
Do you want So Won's career to end?
The moment you hand her over
to the police,
everyone in the world will know,,,
that the famous Dr, Lee
rejected his own child,
What?
How dare you?
You should make them take DNA tests,
You can check it out for yourself,
All right then,
Fine, I'll do that,
so that you will never do this,
Under one condition,
Since you could trick it,
do it in the hospital I know,
Paternity test?
Yes, That's the only way,,,
to get out of this pit,
I think she's my kid,
That's why she's so confident,,,
You don't know anything about her,
When she asked me for money,
and this time again,
She's also in prison
for embezzlement,
She can do anything,
I don't know what to do,
Mother said it's because
I don't have a child,
She urges me to have a child,
What if she finds out?
That's why we should have
paternity test,
I'll handle it,
You don't need to worry,
What about Doctor Lee?
He said he'll be here
for the appointment,
Mommy,
I'll be a mother one day
if I try, right?
Of course,
Life is mean,
Someone who wants a baby is sterile,
but someone who doesn't want
a baby,,,
gets pregnant so easily,
My goodness,
Oh, my,
What's he doing here?
Who?
Maybe Father's here to cheer me up,
- Father,
- Quiet,
Be quiet, Wait,
Who's that kid?
I'd be a shaman if I know,
I sense something,
I sense a secret,
Wait here,
Mom, Wait for me,
What do they do here?
What's this department?
(DNA Laboratory)
DNA lab?
DNA,,,
Paternity test,
Paternity test?
What?
Oh, my goodness,
Hold on,